# CS-330-Portfolio

# 1. How do I approach designing software? 
The work I have completed in this project has taught me a lot of new skills I have never tried before. One example is #D modeling and how to work with OpenGL to create a 3D scene. I learned how to analyze real-life objects and determine how they could be created in a 3D world using basic primitive shapes such as cylinders, cubes, pyramids, and planes. These tactics could be very helpful for me if I choose to pursue a career in design and 3D graphic development. In this course, I was taught how to see the world in “triangles” and imagine how an object could be built using triangles. If I were to continue working with more complex objects, this is a strategy I would continue to use.

# 2. How do I approach developing programs? 
Although working with 3D modeling was new to me, I still was able to use familiar development strategies that I had learned in previous classes. For example, I was able to keep my code modularized and refactorable by sectioning code into functions that could be called just once from main(). Since there were many objects in the scene, I was able to use meshes such as UCreateCube and UCreatePyramid to create my objects. Whenever I needed to create a new object, I could just reuse the mesh and edit it as needed once it had been created. Throughout the milestones, my project has gone through many changes. At times I had to rewrite and recalculate meshes as I added elements such as texture and lighting. My code was also very messy at the start of the term, and I had many lines of code that repeated when they weren’t necessary. Such as multiple calls to the shader classes where they weren’t needed.

# 3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? 
Computational graphics and visualizations have given me new knowledge and skills that I know can be applied to my future courses and my future professional goals. Computer graphics are used in many businesses and applications such as Google Earth, VR development, and many games. Having the knowledge gained from this course will make me better equipped to learn and work in environments that use similar applications.
